KCD Toronto Blog (#832)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/blog/2026/kcd-around-the-world-toronto/index.md

## Beyond organizing

**KV**: Outside of organizing, how are you involved in the wider CNCF community?

**MW**: Mostly on the meetup and conference side. Most of my talks and social media activity center on networking technologies. I've spent roughly five to six years deep in service mesh work and have more recently moved closer to the networking layer with tools like Cilium. Beyond that, I try to spend time at KubeCons and helping out at other KCDs when I'm able to.

**KV**: What actually got you into the KCD world in the first place?

**MW**: My first KCD was KCD Berlin in summer 2022. If I had to credit one person, it'd be `<Lexi>`, who I met at a Cloud Native event years earlier. From there I kept attending KCDs, including two trips to KCD New York, in 2024 and 2025. Conversations with `<Julia>` and `<Ahmed>`, organizers of KCD New York, and some encouragement from RBC folks I met there who wanted something similar back home, are what convinced me I could pull this off in Toronto myself.

## Building KCD Toronto

**KV**: With that motivation in place, how did the actual application come together?

> **MW**: Around the time we applied to CNCF, RBC, one of the financial services companies,  reached out wanting to be a major sponsor, and committed real funding right away, which helped us lock in a venue before we'd even heard back on our application. Acceptance came in a month later, and by late last year the venue and date were fully booked.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
**MW**: Around the time we applied to CNCF, RBC, a financial services company, reached out wanting to be a major sponsor, and committed real funding right away, which helped us lock in a venue before we'd even heard back on our application. Acceptance came a month later, and by late last year the venue and date were fully booked.
```
